

Brian McCarthy 114302146

1143021546@umail.ucc.ie, brianmccarthy95@gmail.com

Report Document for Final Year Project

Project:
Automated Deployment and monitoring of cloud instances across multiple cloud platforms.

Updates:

Wed 4 Oct. 

Implemented basic CLI interface for AWS that can deploy an EC2, it is actually very basic but it works for the most part bar for some reason deploying 2 EBS volumes, possibly the issue is that when an EC2 is made it automatically attaches a basic EBS block. Will need to look into this, but for the moment this is enough. There are a huge number of variables I haven't a clue about with the launching but for the moment I will ignore some of these details, the goal will be to add these later, but really only the basics are important for the time being.

Tuesday 10 Oct.

Running into yet more issues, tryStack pure and simple doesn't work at all.
We had a talk with IBM and have access to their BlueMix platform, can use that for dev work and probably some data analytics, but I can't deploy stuff directly i.e. no instances. IBM cloud is based off openStack so this may have been an alternative but now appears that's out of the question. I may contact them in future and see if it might be possible to get access but it may be unlikely we will see. 
For the time being EC2 deployment needs to be finished, I have been assing about doing sweet FA. 
I contacted a Cork based company that use openStack also, as well as cloudyn, neither have been in contact.

Tuesday 24th Oct.

Coming into IBM talk about BlueMix, so need to discuss with them get the opportunity to get access to their cloud infrastructure. 
Got access to vscaler openStack cloud and have been playing with that since last Friday, no instances launched. AWS side, basic instances launched, with the volumes and such. So for the most part going well.

Need to get openStack working i.e. create and deploy volumes and such.
Sort out aws fully and flesh it out.
Add a GUI on top of this to actually deploy them with something a little more user friendly.

Need to look into the plotly part then on top, so need aws data or something similar. (whether I get this through deploying a script onto the machines and send results back is something that needs to be debated.)

Need to sign up for the libcloud mailing list and see if any sort of migration tool is in development or not


